Docs url address terms (#2518)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/play-your-process.md

Click on the action icons next to a BPMN element to play through the process. Depending on the BPMN element, there may be a different action:

- **User tasks** display the defined form on click, if possible. Form results are saved for the rest of the session and auto-filled. You can click `Reset` to reset the form to its defaults.

> - **Service tasks** are simulated on click. You can mock a cluster URL by manually entering variables when completing a service task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Service tasks** are simulated on click. You can mock response of a service by manually entering variables when completing a service task.
```

This is about mocking the `response` of the service as it is a service task. I would not use URL here.
